Language
Japanese is the national and primary language of Japan. Japanese has a lexically distinct pitch-accent system. 
Early Japanese is known largely on the basis of its state in the 8th century when the three major works of Old Japanese were compiled.

Religion
Shinto and Buddhism are the primary religions of Japan. 
According to the annual statistical research on religion in 2018 by the Government of Japan's Agency for Culture Affairs, 66.7 percent of the population practices Buddhism, 69.0 percent practices Shintoism, 7.7 percent other religions.

Literature
Early works of Japanese literature were heavily influenced by cultural contact with China and Chinese literature, often written in Classical Chinese. 
Eventually, Japanese literature developed into a separate style in its own right as Japanese writers began writing their own works about Japan.

Visual arts
Japanese calligraphy, rendered using flowing, brush-drawn strokes, is considered to be a traditional art form, as well as a means of conveying written information. 
Painting has been an art in Japan for a very long time: the brush is a traditional writing and painting tool, and the extension of that to its use as an artist's tool was probably natural.
Ukiyo-e, literally "pictures of the floating world", is a genre of woodblock prints that exemplifies the characteristics of pre-Meiji Japanese art.
Japanese lacquerware and ceramics have historically gained international fame, and lacquerware has been actively exported since the Muromachi period and ceramics since the Edo period.
Ikebana is the Japanese art of flower arrangement.


Traditional clothing
The kimono is the national garment of Japan.
The happi coat is another form of traditional clothing.

Music
The music of Japan includes a wide array of performers in distinct styles both traditional and modern.
Japan is the second largest music market in the world behind the United States, and is the largest in Asia.

Sports and leisure
Kendo, Kyūdō, Sōjutsu, Jujutsu, Samurai, Sumo are all forms of martial arts
as well as Baseball is very popular in japan

